# Weapon Special attack

Based on https://www.hipstersanddragons.com/new-weapon-properties-5e-dnd

### Attack Save DC 
Some of your attacks require your target to make a saving throw to resist the 
attacks effects. The saving throw DC is calculated as follows:

Maneuver save DC = 8 + your proficiency bonus + your weapon ability modifier.

### Charge
This weapon can be used to deal lethal damage on a charge. If you move at least
20 feet in a straight line before engaging an opponent, you may choose to take 
a -4 modifier on your first attack roll against that creature. If you hit with 
that attack, you roll an additional damage die, equal to that of the weapon’s 
usual damage die.

### Handy
You have advantage on attack rolls agains a creature you are grappling, as well
as against creatures that are grappling you.

### Savage
This weapon scores a critical hit one lower that usual. If the user would 
normally score a critical hit on 20, the savage property allows you to score a 
critical hit on a 19, if the user would normally score a critical hit on an 19
the savage property allows the user to score a critical hit on an 18.

### Long 
While you are wielding a long weapon, any creature that is not wielding a long weapon (or natural weapon of 10 feet reach) provokes an opportunity attack from you when they enter your reach. If you have the Polearm Master feat, you gain advantage on this roll. You have disadvantage to hit an opponent that is grappling you, or grappled by you, when you attack with a long weapon.

### Long (defence) 
Weapons with the long (defence) property have the same benefits and disadvantages of those with the long property, but with one additional benefit. If you hit a creature with an opportunity attack as they enter your reach, you reduce their speed to zero.

### Parry
When you are wielding a weapon with the parry property and a creature you can 
see hits you with a melee attack, you can use your reaction to add 1 to your AC 
for that attack, potentially causing the attack to miss you. You must have a 
Dexterity score of 13 or higher to take advantage of this feature, which can be 
used in conjunction with the Defensive Duelist feat.

### Parry (versatile)
A weapon with the parry (versatile) property may be used to parry normally with 
one hand (see above), or using two hands, in which case the wielder may add 2 
to their AC.

### Riposte
The speed of this weapon allows you to turn defence into attack. Whenever using 
the parry property of your weapon causes an attack to miss you, as part of the 
same reaction you make a retaliatory melee attack, using your Dexterity 
modifier for the attack and damage rolls.

### Shield-wrap
You gain a +1 to attack rolls against opponents wielding a shield.

### Sneaky
This weapon is deadly against a distracted foe. When you deal sneak attack 
damage you may re-roll any 1s on the damage dice, taking the new roll instead.

### Bash
If you miss with an attack, you may choose to double your strength modifier
on the attack roll, potentially changing the outcome of the roll. The attack
does not gain the strength modifier on the damage roll.

### Hobble
Forgo your ability modifier on the damage roll, the target must make a 
dexterity saving throw, on a failed save the target's movement is halved.

### Aim
As a bonus action, you give yourself advantage on your next attack roll on the 
current turn. You can use this bonus action only if you haven’t moved during 
this turn, and after you use the bonus action, your speed is 0 until the end of 
the current turn.

### Defensive
Gain additional +1 AC when you take the dodge action
